# Tower-Defence-Game
The game is terminal-based and is implemented according to given requirements in the form of an UML diagram.

## Enhancements
For the enhancement task, two more types of enemies and towers are being added. 
The new towers are Balista and Trebuchet. The Balista tower can damage an enemy by 3 health points, can be used to hit enemies every 2 game steps and costs 3 coins to be positioned on the map. On the other hand, the Trebuchet tower can damage an enemy by 2 health points, can be used to hit enemies every 5 game steps and costs 2 coins.
The new enemies are Dog and Lizzard. The Dog advances by 1 position each game step and starts with a health of 3, while the Lizzard advances by 1 position every 4 game steps and has a health of 2.

## Instructions to play
When the game starts starts, the user must choose from different types of towers that cost some coins. The user has a fixed starting budget of 10 coins, so he must choose 1 or more towers with overall sum, not more than his budget. If the sum of the towers happen to be over the budget – an appropriate message is being displayed. If the user chooses a tower that is not from the list – a message is being  displayed, too. After every tower, the user must choose a position on the map. The position is between 1 and the length of the corridor (map) inclusive. To start the game the user must input 0 in the terminal. The game starts with the fastest enemy from a given list of four enemies (Rat, Dog, Elephant and Lizzard) in that order. For each game step a message about enemy’s health and position is displayed. For each chosen tower, the damage it can cause, its position and the ability to fire in that game step is being outputed in the terminal. If the current enemy is killed, the result is also shown. With every enemy out of the game, the user earns 10 more coins and is asked to choose additional tower(s) within his new budget. Then the next enemy in the list starts from the beginning of the corridor. If any of the enemies in the list happen to pass by the towers without being shot, the user loses the game and his current coins, the number of steps and enemies killed are displayed. If all the enemies are killed without reaching the end of the corridor, the user wins the game and his current coins, the number of steps and enemies killed are displayed.
